Sync guides for AT&AS [T2308] (#210)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/acra-in-depth/architecture/acraserver.md

# AcraServer, an SQL database proxy

## How AcraServer works

> AcraServer is database protocol aware proxy between application and MySQL/PostgreSQL that does next:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AcraServer is also known as SQL Proxy. It's an SQL database proxy that exposes Acra’s functionality by parsing SQL traffic between an app and a database and applying security functions where appropriate. 

If you'd like to encrypt the data between your app and SQL database "transparently on-a-fly" then AcraServer should be your main choice.

AcraServer sits between your application and MySQL/PostgreSQL database and does the following:
```

Author: heh, I decided to remove these big paragraph and simplify, but you decided back it)

- captures all packets from database driver to database and back
- recognizes packets related to SQL queries or data transferring
- passes SQL queries through [AcraCensor SQL firewall]({{< ref "/acra/security-controls/sql-firewall" >}}) before further processing

> - encrypt/tokenize/mask all recognized plaintext data according to [encryptor config]({{< ref "acra/security-controls/encryption/#acraServer-configuration" >}}) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- encrypts, tokenizes, masks all recognized plaintext fields according to the [encryptor config]({{< ref "acra/security-controls/encryption/#acraServer-configuration" >}}) 
```

>   and pass further as it was sent by application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and passes further to the database as it was sent by application
```

> - decrypt/detokenize/unmask data from database to application as it was sent by database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- decrypts, detokenizes, unmasks data from database to application as it was sent by database
```

> - check on intrusion detection via recognizing [poison records]({{<ref "/acra/security-controls/intrusion-detection/" >}})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- checks on intrusion detection via recognizing [poison records]({{<ref "/acra/security-controls/intrusion-detection/" >}})
```
